DOC-798 Add extension to calculate end-of-life date (#92)
redpanda-data/docs-extensions-and-macros: README.adoc

    - require: '@redpanda-data/docs-extensions-and-macros/extensions/generate-rp-connect-categories'
```

=== Compute end-of-life extension

This extension calculates and attaches metadata related to the end-of-life (EoL) status of docs pages, such as nearing EoL, past EoL, and associated EoL dates. This metadata can be used to display relevant banners or messages in docs to inform users about the lifecycle of each version.

The extension leverages configuration settings provided in the Antora playbook to apply EoL calculations, specify the warning period, and include links to upgrade documentation and EoL policies.

The extension computes whether a page is nearing EoL or past EoL based on the `page-release-date` attribute and configured settings.
It injects the following attributes into each page, making them available for use in UI templates:

> - `page-is-nearing-eol`: Indicates if the page is within the warning period before EOL. Calculated using `(page-release-date + supported_months) - warning_weeks`.
> - `page-is-past-eol`: Indicates if the page has passed its EOL. Calculated using `today > (page-release-date + supported_months)`.

Author: ```suggestion
- `page-is-nearing-eol`: Indicates if the page is within the warning period before EoL. Calculated using `(page-release-date + supported_months) - warning_weeks`.
- `page-is-past-eol`: Indicates if the page has passed its EoL. Calculated using `today > (page-release-date + supported_months)`.
```

- `page-eol-date`: The calculated EoL date in a human-readable format.

> - `page-eol-doc`: The link to the supported versions policy or EoL documentation.
> - `page-upgrade-doc`: The link to upgrade instructions.

Author: ```suggestion
- `page-eol-doc`: The URL to the supported versions policy or EoL documentation.
- `page-upgrade-doc`: The Antora resource ID to a document containing upgrade instructions.
```
